"I'm halfway up a mountain", Tom alleged.
I'd like to be a Chinese laborer, said Tom coolly.
Dentists don't like a hard day at the orifice.
Are evil wildebeests bad gnus?
A busy barber is quite harried.
Two construction workers had a stairing contest.
It's between my sole and my heel, said Tom archly.
OLD ELECTRICIANS never die, they just do it until it Hz.
Yesterday I accidentally swallowed some food coloring. The doctor says I'm OK, but I feel like I've dyed a little inside.
Follow your knows.
A china doll was marked in tiny letters: 'maid in USA'.
I deny everything, said Tom knowingly.
The key to changing your performance ability is by tuning out criticism and staying musically octave.
"I've stuck a pin through my nose", said Tom punctually.
We welcome you with open psalms.
Diets are for people who are thick and tired of it all.
The cobbler was asked how many shoes he had soled by a well.
They won't stay at friendly hotels, because they're hostel people.
Let's all play an A, a C sharp, and an E, cried Tom's band with one accord.
The young pine sapling was admonished by his father. Apparently he'd been knotty.
The doctors had to remove a bone from my arm, said Tom humorlessly.
I've been to a film festival in the South of France, said Tom cannily.
A music store was robbed. The thief made away with the lute.
He threw jello at his wife, who had him arrested for carrying a congealed weapon.
"Be still my hart" she murmured, thinking how magnificent and stag-like he was.
His wife left him saying she was going home to mutter.
Yesterday a cow saved my life - it was bovine intervention.
Fashion is something that goes in one era and out the other.
What kind of flooring do alligator hunters use? Reptiles!
The ultimate liquid measure is the supreme quart.
When his clothes dryer broke he was lint another one.
Cows make noise only when they're in the mood.
When asked by a Health Department official to describe the mess he saw on the slaughterhouse floor, the USDA inspector replied, "It was just offal."
After burning a batch of cookies a baker felt very crummy.
The boating store had its best sail ever.
When asked to picture the perfect modern defensive weapon the Claymore springs to mine.
When it got stuck in the mud my car had to be toad.
When my camera fell in the toffee I was making, I got a very candied picture.
She wanted the large estate quite badly but, she dared not mansion it to her frugal husband.
"I've been listening to the Brandenburg Concertos", Tom barked.
By yourself you're in the right. In a group you're in the throng.
When the glassblower inhaled he got a pane in the stomach.
If gophers become extinct, the hole ecosystem will die.
"I can see through the window", said Tom stiltedly.
When I went to the International Club, I accidentally spilled coffee on a Hindu lady's dress. I told her I was very sari.
The Net-surfing bandits always ended an operation by clearing out the cash.
Leftover spaghetti is pasta its prime.
"This food tastes of plutonium", said Tom glowingly.
"Would you like some soda?" asked Tom caustically.
When the florist was running behind in delivering the roses, he had to put the petal to the metal.
Children can do some knotty things with string.
A waterbed may just be the vinyl resting place.
A cross between a puppy and a bunny is a rabid dog.
The sign on the nudist camp said, 'Clothed 'til May'.
To kill a circus in one blow, go for the juggler.
I love cats, Tom mused.
OLD BUTCHERS never die, they only meat their fate.
The inventor of chewing gum soon bubbled his money.
A young corporal dislocated his arm during a battle but kept going. You could say he was shouldering on.
The manufacturing of t-shirts has really cotton.
When the crop was destroyed, there was no more cranberry source.
I phoned the zoo but the lion was busy.
"Boy, that's a bright star", said Tom seriously.
The postmen get together for mail bonding.
Authors can be very PENsive.
Neuter your dog-an ounce of prevention is better than a pound of curs.
Giving praise is when you let off esteem.
"Now I can do some painting", said Tom easily.
People who like gold paint have a gilt complex.
The bald man decided to consider a hair transplant to rogaine his confidence in looking younger.
The self-conscious shipbuilder tried to recruit extremely sycophantic sailors to compliment her newly designed destroyer.
The obese editor started a weight redaction program.
An optometrist told his patient: 'It appears your vision is improving!' 'Really?' replied the patient. 'Must be the luck of the iris.'
In the dark? Follow the son.
As to how to play snooker, some people don't have a cue.
A parade of horses went down Mane street.
I used to do rock climbing as a youth, but I was much boulder back then.
Dateline London: Eccentric ornithologist travels to foreign land to teach pigeon English.
Some childen are often on their pest behavior.
When gossip finally led to the landlady's arrest for murdering her tenants and scattering parts of their bodies around town, her only comment was, "Well, that's what comes of spreading roomers."
I'll never give up my hounds! Tom said doggedly.
Someone once accused me of stealing an old, rare, valuable stamp, and I philately denied it.
To learn rope tricks you have to be taut.
For the woman who wore size 13, finding shoes that fit was no small feat.
When I phoned my friend yesterday we mainly talked about the weather and our upcomimg exams, and we both agreed that the poring was sickening.
Have you ever read the Rime of the Ancient Gardener? It was written by Samuel Taylor Foliage.
It's amazing what two or more sinners can achieve together with synergy.
Some mathematicians are reluctant to cosine a loan.
A drummer can cymbalize the enthusiasm of a band.
"I have to keep this fire alight", Tom bellowed.
A cook made pancakes flippantly.
Nice looking glass! said Tom reflectively.
What keeps a dock floating above water? Pier pressure.
Legends tell us that a weakness of the carnivorous vampire is a steak.
There's nothing to stop me putting things in tins, said Tom cannily.
The pistol of a flower is its only protections against insects.
Psychiatrists like Kentucky Freud Chicken.
I hate sweet potatoes, Tom yammered.
The workers at that inn are very unfriendly. They create a hostel environment.
Hotel owners usually have suite dreams.
The telemarketer asked me if I read magazines at all and I replied that I did, periodically.
When the proposal was made to locate the governor's mansion in Albany, New Yorkers said, "That's a capitol idea."
She became an art dealer because she wanted more Monet.
The corner of Ninth and Broad attracts a lot of the homeless because of its reputation for having a grate area for sleeping
7 days without prayer makes 1 weak
You should never take rocks for granite.
"If I let go of the ceiling it will collapse", Tom upheld.
"For what we are about to receive, may the Lord make us truly thankful", said Tom gracefully.
Before the golfer finished drinking the iced, brewed beverage he dropped his tee on the cart path.
He avoided funerals because he was not a mourning person.
They say curiosity killed the cat, and they weren't kitten.
During a recent trip to Qatar, Bill Clinton went to McDonald's and ordered fries with a sheik.
"I swallowed some of the glass from that broken window", Tom said painfully.
A farmer wanting to kill a chicken for dinner has to move faster than a speeding pullet.
OLD CHEMISTS never die, they just lose their refluxes.
There is nothing worse for a performer than an audience of drunks and their boos.
Truckers like houses with long haulways.
"The sun is rising", Tom mourned.
A politician who had been an astronomer was always saying'no comet'.
Come in and get a peace of the rock
"I know what herb would taste nice with this", said Tom sagely.
An heir is someone with a descent wage.
The shy stripper couldn't bare it on stage.
Those who have icicles keep a stiff upper drip.
I learned that the antelopes were coming when I heard the gnus.
A paramedic got a new job as a chauffeur: an ambiance driver.
Two cheerleaders got married after they met by chants.
After the sniper attack at the symphony softball game, there were no men left on bass.
OLD CHINESE COOKS never die, they just wok away
The ailing king of the doves sensed an imminent coup.
OLD SAILORS never die, they just lose their porpoise.
OLD ANTENNA ENGINEERS never die, they just phase away.
If you ride a bus you have to pay your fare share.
If you work in a bakery you may have to take on many roles.
My wife uses a kitchen implement to shred garlic and parmesan cheese, which I hate. It really is the grater of two evils.
Chickens can give some people a foul rash.
Everybody was in shock when the hair stylist dyed.
Qwertyus, god of keyboards, is a character from geek mythology.
"Are you homosexual?" Tom queried gaily.
Businesses selling pleasure boats often have a sail.
Wheaties near the body suggested that police look for a cereal killer.
OLD DOCTORS never die they just lose their patience.
The thief broke into the music store and stole the lute.
A perfectly spherical pumpkin makes good pi.
The invisible cows were herd but not seen.
The overweight fighter pilot was grounded for violating the rules of engorgement.
This is what I have learned off by heart Tom wrote.
In his free time, my son in college hunts deer and sells the meat. He says the doe helps him with his expenses.
"3. 14159265", Tom said piously.
The geologist went to the doctor because he had a loss of apatite.
OLD GRAVEDIGGERS ; never die, they just spade away.
The pun in the title of the play "The Importance of Being Earnest" was a Wilde idea.
"I prefer trout to salmon", Tom said officiously.
One gruelingly intense month into the year-long diet regimen, the overwhelmed patient concluded she could not stand the weight.
I've been listening to the Brandenberg Concertos, Tom barked.
OLD GOSSIPS never die they just lose their confidants
When the father found he had septuplets, he could hardly believe his own census.
Because the champion angler instructed his pupils to cast their lines where the river runs through narrow chasms, they called him the "fissure King."
Tried some bear stew. It was a little grizzly.
The cat in northern Scandinavia always had a lapp to sit on.
Making up puns about the finest soil is the loess form of humor.
I haven't developed my photographs yet, said Tom negatively.
If you eat soup that's nine days old you will get bad broth.
Herbivores come in browns and graze.
A husband who thinks he is as solid as a rock may have a wife who wishes he was a little bolder.
"Congratulations ; you graduated", said Tom diplomatically.
Are Philosophy papers graded with Marx out of ten?
The mad scientist in the old castle had a strange secret – but he kept it under his bat.
A teacher having a tough time longs for the end of the school daze.
The Keystone Kops were frequently criticized for excessive use of farce.
Scarecrows are always garden their patch.
Isn't the Grand Canyon just gorges?
The church choir robes were too long and needed to be hymned.
Scientists studying the sun have a flare for research.
Abstinence makes the heart grow fonder
I love your old worn-out jacket covered with all those slogans, but I can't read the frays at the end of the sleeves.
A clean thief always makes a stainless steal.
"Boy, I wish the elevator were working", said Tom, staring up to the top.
Those who hate classical music have my symphony.
The Jedi Knight traded in his light saber for a light dagger. He had gone over to the dirk side.
A skunk fell in the river and stank to the bottom.
I fought with Geronimo, said Tom bravely.
"I think I've broken my leg", reported Tom lamely.
We sternly warned the circus clown not to light the fuse while we were inside the cannon, but he did it anyway -- and it really made us soar.
A good baker will rise to the occasion, it's the yeast he can do.
My sweet mother got so old she granulated.
The vendor at the Arab market resented how I haggled and told me to take a haik.
Be the soul supporter of your children.
Some people who cut hair can be quite barbarous.
Drinking a whole bucket of water could make you turn pail.
A cat ate some cheese and waited for a mouse with baited breath.
Beautifully manicured lawns are highly sod after.
The man leaned on the printer cartridge because he wanted to tone up his abs.
I'll take the girl to the dance, Tom promised.
Two wrongs can make a riot.
An illiterate fisherman was lost at c.
She was so thrifty she could smell a bargain a mall away.
Act your praise, not your shoe size.
Partying Saturday and Sunday leaves me feeling weakened.
It was raining cats and dogs. There were poodles all over the road.
Because they moved into an apartment, they didn't need to cut the grass any mow.
When priests have a good idea they are supposed to parish the thought.
The only things sure for cab drivers are debt and taxis.
As I revived her using mouth to mouth resuscitation, in spite of my lisp, I couldn't help noticing her beautiful breaths!
Sign at a place where you lose weight: 'Stop Look and Lessen'.
She was only a Cyclist's daughter, but she peddled it all over town.
' Because'is a word to the whys.
If you're stiff as a board it could be the lumbar.
A good carpenter will do his work and then varnish without a trace.
"Once upon a time there was a beautiful princess", Tom began grimly.
The snowstorm arrived at a fortuitous moment. It was white on time.
My uncle developed a strange vulgar habit. He would only cuss when he'd eat chicken. The doctor said he has seen this happen in some cases. Too much chicken can produce a fowl mouth.
How do spacemen add more protein to their diet? They make it meteor.
Kennebunkport was George Bush's maine vacation spot.
I'm glad I know sign language, it's pretty handy.
I had to pay to get into the annual local carnival. But that was the county fare.
A successful diet is the triumph of mind over platter.
I must attend my flock, said Tom, sheepishly.
The local baker was paying his staff based on a flourly rate.
It wasn’t the apple on the tree, but the pair beneath it.
He stayed at the auction to the bidder end.
The new father of quintuplets could hardly believe his own census.
I was going to study the work of Sigmund Freud, but I was too Jung to understand it.
I'd really like to know whether her collapse was due to a serious illness or whether it was one of her usual feints.
This is the Netherlands, Tom stated flatly.
Pablo and Jose waited for a signal from Pilar to join her in the Church Tower, but neither responded to the chiming because they didn't know for whom the belle was tolling.
Working in the bakery left her with a loathe of bread.
Arriving late, Senator Kennedy slipped on a banana peel and fell in a heap, resulting in a humerus break in the midst of the subcommittee's intense discussion.
The Chinese chef maliciously dumped a hot broth with dumplings on an obnoxious customer. It was a wanton soup attack.
When a college dormitory exploded a lot of roomers were flying.
At the petting zoo I saw a sheep scratching itself. Turns out it had fleece.
It's where we store the hay, Tom said loftily.
At the urban renewal site, contractors were simultaneously tearing down and erecting. It was interesting to watch them razing all those buildings.
There was a lot of equestrian paraphernalia at the bridle shower.
There's a repair shop for baroque musical instruments.
My wife really likes to make pottery, but to me it's just kiln time.
The swollen blood vessels in her legs were very quarrelsome - she had bellicose veins.
The astronomer made a claim about a well-known star, but it wasn't sirius.
"I can eat one hundred and forty-four", Tom boasted grossly.
For meat some people eat lamb and mutton else.
"I'm mentioned in this book", said Tom contentedly.
If you want those ashes, you'll have to urn them.
The cheap eye surgeon was always cutting corneas.
The salesman was peddling used bikes.
I tried to record an album in a reptile shop, but there was a terrible gecko.
OLD BATHERS never die, they just wade away.
"I wish I could remember the name of that card game", said Tom wistfully.
Old cotton-pickers never die. They just bale out.
Russia was slow to recover after WW2 because it kept Stalin around.
"This looks like the fruit of the blackthorn", said Tom slowly.
No matter how much you push the envelope, it'll still be stationery.
"The seesaw is upside down", said Tom saucily.
50 Shades of Grace
In his latest promotional campaign, the manager of City Tent and Awning told his crew to canvas the entire area.
I once worked at a factory that made boat paddles. The starting pay was ten dollars an oar.
Many are content to live in a coal mine and never see the son.
My two uncles bet who would get married first. Then one upped the ante.
If roosters saw how hens are treated they'd turn over in their gravy.
The dervish had so much endurance, he set a new whirled record.
I simply must find a new podiatrist. My podiatrist has developed such a callus attitude.
I went out for a run this morning and tripped over, I could have been wearing the wrong size shoes, I haven't seen the footage yet.
Is that pure rump roast? Nothing butt.
OLD TREE SURGEONS never die, they just take a final bough.
Fire! yelled Tom alarmingly.
One of the tires just blew out, Tom said sparingly.
May the 4th be with you.
Lizards have a very strong heartbeat which can be faintly heard anywhere on their body, said Mr. Johnson, beginning a story. "Come listen to this tail."
So that's the way the wind blows, said Tom vainly.
It wasn't school John disliked it was just the principal of it.
Mickey Mouse gives some people Disney spells.
The nudist defended himself by citing his Constitutional right to bare arms.
My friend said, 'There's a lot of gold in those hills. 'I replied, 'That's a load of bullion.'.
My stereo's half-fixed, said Tom monotonously.
The race horse went lame early. It was the first out of its gait.
The study of ancient symbols will lead you to rune.
"What's a wide-angle lens?" asked Tom obtusely.
A bee keeper will sell you honey with swarm wishes.
My pet bird can predict the future. He is an omen pigeon.
"I'm waiting to see the doctor", said Tom patiently.
Guerrilla warfare is more than just throwing a banana.
Did you know that donuts were first made in Greece?
Two snakes parted, and one said, 'fangs for the memories'.
A bird with a headache might just migrane south.
Swine were the most influential animal of the last decade.
My sofa was repaired, but I was surprised to find an item on the bill for upholstery tacks.
Some resist having the'flu jab but it's quite innocuous.
I got a nasty electric shock the other day, but I wasn't phased.
Look at those tall flowers, said Tom gladly.
What you seize is what you get.
"It's just gold leaf", said Tom guiltily.
"I've an urgent appointment", said Tom in Russian.
A crow in a telephone booth had no money so he had to make a collect caw.
On my tour of the U. K ., Charles invited me to cook at Buckingham Palace, and naturally, I took photos so I could show everyone the prince.
A waist is a terrible thing to mind.
The sailor called his girlfriend's belly ring a naval destroyer.
I started to work at a seafood buffet, but then I pulled a mussel.
Fashionable women in Indiana all wear designer Hoosiery.
John Deere has just released its most powerful tractor yet. It is the torque of the town.
She was only a Colonel's Daughter, but she was great to the navy and rotten to the corps.
Reading music makes me crotchety.
That makes 144, said Tom, grossly.
I saw a beaver movie last night, it was the best dam movie I've ever seen.
The fine print is usually a clause for suspicion.
The haughty magician had illusions of grandeur.
Greys Anatomy has many humerus remarks.
Although he perfected his comic routines on the mainland, his best audiences were in the aisles.
It's just like a cowboy to stirrup trouble.
"I was the first to climb Mount Everest", said Tom hilariously.
Let's go to the gym and weight a while.
People have a happy time vacationing in Ireland because they are walking on Eire.
I'll tempt Adam tonight, she said evilly.
Sellers of dried grapes are always raisin awareness.
"I won't tell you anything about my salivary glands", said Tom secretively.
I need to go on a diet, said Tom wastefully.
I've caught Moby Dick! Tom wailed.
The prodigal son was having a bad heir day.
To emphasize that someone is a stranger: "As we used to say in the cheese industry, I don't know him from Edam."
He frequently practices furtive looks to operate at peek efficiency.
A king is old when he reaches the age of sovereignty.
Take a God look at yourself.
There was an orchestra conductor who threw tempo tantrums.
Company's coming, Tom guessed.
What did the nice girl say when her date invited her home to see his stamp collection?'Philately will get you nowhere'.
Bakers have a great knead to make bread.
If you think that mutt made strange sounds as a pup, you should hear him grown.
She was only a Columnist's daughter, but she's always chasing wild roomers.
Wanting to buy his girlfriend a gift that she was sure to appreciate, Bugs Bunny decided that something on the order of twenty-four carats would be about right.
As they looked at the recreation of the Greek temple on Rodeo Drive while a freak ice storm was occurring, Emily and Henry were astonished by the very unusual frieze.
The proctologist reassured the patient that his condition could be rectified.
A tangled bell ringer tolled himself off.
The chicken crossed the playground to get to the other slide.
Don't believe what you hear about fleas and ticks -- it's all lice.
The hotel regrets that you do not find your rooms satisfactory ; I will send up our sweet manager right away.
I feel empty inside, Tom hollered.
To earn an A in "Sewing with Burlap", you really have to know the coarse material.
"It's my personal magnetism", said Tom ironically.
"I've gained thirty pounds", said Tom heavily.
Did you hear about the father that was difficult to see? He was transparent.
Selling gasoline too cheaply would be fuelish.
"I'm just an ordinary soldier", Tom admitted privately.
A test-tube baby has a womb with a view.
Having too many vowels is a consonant struggle in the game of Scrabble.
When making butter there is little margarine for error.
The triangular computer monitor business was just a big pyramid screen.
The cost of a galvanized hull is enough to zinc a ship.
Victims of bad construction in the orient are'bamboozled'.
The psychotic florist created many flower derangements.
Don't expect to eat something fancy when you're flying because it's plane food.
He is an excellent soup maker. You might say he is consomme professional.
Have you ever heard of an honest cheetah?
Some bankers are generous to a vault.
In times like these the value of Chinese currency should make Americans pay attention. Instead, too many of us just yuan.
Computer programs for gambling need beta testing.
Did you hear about the nervous preacher? He had sweaty psalms.
The winter drive-by shooting was a slay ride.
On the old trains the engineer had a lot of esteem.
Why are Italians so good at making coffee? Because they really know how to espresso themselves.
Patience is a virtue that carries a lot of wait.
Two coin collectors got together for old dimes sake.
The stress of having his beloved pet bunny die caused a man to go bald -- he was very upset about losing his hare.
"I presented my case to the judge", Tom said briefly.
Someone led me to believe that graphite was discovered in Pennsylvania.
"I haven't had my photographs developed yet", said Tom negatively.
Getting soap in your eyes is no lathering matter.
Why did the dairy churn? The less said, the butter. ..
I was fighting a Dragon, easier slayed then done.
My family scoffed when I had a divine inspiration I'd get rich selling my "Beets Brule", but after I made my first million, they had to admit I made quite a prophet.
The cast, after the scene in the forest, took their boughs.
The little green men told me it was the Dog Star. I told them they can't be Sirius.
Old chicken farmers never die, they just have a dozen aches.
The tightrope walker gently took a step at a time and always wore diamond-laced slippers. The spectators always would stare in awe at the tightrope walker's feat.
Sailors like to seas opportunities.
I'm simply not a nice girl, "she whispered tartly.
In the novel, there is an unexpected secret meeting of the lovers. It is a plot tryst.
"I'd like to be a Chinese labourer", said Tom coolly.
A men's wear store has opening and clothing times.
She was only a Carpenter's daughter, but she knows every vise.
Little Bo Peep grew tired of the daily search for her lost sheep and decided to keep them in the garden area close to her house. Since she no longer had to spend her days tracking down her wayward herd, Bo decided to take up the hobby of flower gardening. Now every morning Bo Peep goes out to tend her phlox.
Shopaholics never die, they just sale away.
"My pencil is blunt", said Tom pointlessly.
All students in Helsinki go to Finnish school.
We Are Not Dairy Queen … But We Have Great Sundays
OLD STOREKEEPERS never die, they just sale away.
When the waiter told me they were out of corn I said, 'That really shucks.'
Making your own hard liquor is a whiskey business.
"Have you seen my collection of ancient Chinese artifacts?" asked Tom charmingly.
The son shines on the righteous.
The weather man said there won't be any rain for 6 months, but I drought it.
The class took a field trip to a meat processing plant, but what they saw was just offal.
Two mining companies merged and became alloys.
A course offered to introduce French in five easy liaisons.
"Has my magazine arrived?" Tom asked periodically.
This fowl has been stuffed, said Tom sagely.
Exposure to the Son prevents burning
Animals that tunnel in the soil have to have an escape root.
In a surfing competition the winner got wave reviews.
Practice safe eating – always use condiments.
When she made Mario Puzo's books required reading for her class, she made him an author they couldn't refuse.
Those who find bargain antiques like to junk for joy.
"I bought myself fifty hamburgers and I've only ten left", said Tom with fortitude.
The body builder worried too much about the lifting contest and his trainer concluded that the mind is a terrible thing to weights.
OLD RIVER RATS never die, they just start to creek
Long fairy tales have a tendency to dragon.
It is difficult to escape being a peasant because resistance is feudal.
I'm single, Tom said wanly.
"Let's take a vacation in the south of France", said Tom nicely.
On the way to the church our car broke down. I desperately tried to find some succor to help us resume our journey.
Pink satin was perfect for her gown, yet the debutante appeared even more charming with beaux on either side.
Exposure to the Son may prevent burning
"Where shall I plant these water lilies?" Tom pondered.
He stared at his belly button so much, he was promoted to navel officer.
"It's the quotient of two integers", said Tom rationally.
OLD SHOEMAKERS never die, they just lose their sole.
The study of genealogy is a basic requirement for a descent education.
Staying at the trendy, new hotel was the inn thing to do.
I like the latest horror movie so much that I've arranged a private screaming.
The Spaniard's wife was always up before the Don.
If children were allowed to dig for coal, would they still be miners?
Take me to the dance, Tom bawled.
Opportunities take "now" for an answer
At some executive meetings there is a chairman of the bored.
While attempting to decipher complicated technical instructions: "It's all Geek to me."
It's a lengthy article on Japanese Sword Fighters but I can Samurais it for you.
What is the best store to be in during an earthquake? A stationery store.
I went to prom with a broken leg. During the slow dances my date could tell that I had a crutch on her.
She was small, slender with doe like eyes. "Oh, my deer", he whispered.
I'd like some Chinese food, said Tom wantonly.
When the creator of Tarzan wrote about Pellucidar and other Earth-core stories, was it Edgar Rice burrows?
Our garden hose was damaged yesterday, and I couldn't get to the leek without getting wet.
OLD TEACHERS never die, they just grade away
A boy who instinctively waves at people has a natural hi.
"These bit patterns will be more readable in groups of 8", said Tom bitingly.
The careless pyromaniac made an ash of himself.
Dorothy and Toto found to their horror that tornadoes really could raze a house.
People have many misconceptions about pregnancy.
OLD FARMERS never die, they just spade away.
The fireplaces of oriental doctors have an Asian flue.
The triglyph commented, 'It's friezing in here ..
In the delivery room, the unborn infant expected to be given a wide berth.
Easter is more than something to dye for
Chimney sweep's daughter, but she soots me fine.
If a dog was computer literate, would his bark be worse than his byte?
A hay farmer in jail could get out on bale.
I told my friend about the creative writing class I took, and she said that she had a simile experience.
Doctor, doctor, I keep thinking I'm a billiard ball. - Get back in the queue. Next.
I'm a ditch digger, said Tom, trenchantly
A man's home is his castle in a manor of speaking.
"I wish I had something to write with", Tom said pensively.
I don't find health-related puns funny anymore since I started suffering from an irony deficiency.
OLD POLITICIANS never die, they just harangue in there.
An alien landed at a soft drink company and said'take me to your liter'.
The son can warm you forever
He crashed through several windows, but felt no pane.
The sheep robber was caught on the lamb.
His wife loved pottery making but for him it was just kiln time.
When overcome by thoughts of sin the princess visited the knave.
When a problem or dilemma arises: "As plumbers say, it's not drain surgery."
"I only have diamonds, clubs and spades", said Tom heartlessly.
Patience is a virtue heavy in wait
A veterinarian knows how to make a dog heal.
Life is a puzzle ; look here for the missing peace.
Many people think that Edgar Allan Poe was a raven madman.
OLD ENUMERATORS never die, they just lose their census
The embarrassed news anchor was bright red, but he nor the television monitor was appropriately phased.
She was only a Glaziers daughter but took great panes to please
She was only a Sailor's daughter and how she loved seamen.
A pie went for an audition for a part in a play. The casting agent told him he performed well, but it was more of a sausage roll.
Failure is the path of least persistence.
Old programmers never die, they just can't C as well.
If your dad's sisters are construction workers you might call them carpenter aunts.
The swanky hoteliers'convention tended to attract the inn crowd.
OLD RANCHERS never die, they just breed their last.
The king never let any of his personal musicians go swimming immediately after eating for fear that they would get minstrel cramps.
The Junior NCO had sore wrists. The doctor said it was corporal tunnel syndrome.
"I'm the butcher's assistant", said Tom cuttingly.
Two brothers fought over some sheet music but their mother wanted to keep the piece.
A mathematician that couldn't stop adding up recently went incremental.
After being treated by an optometrist, the bird seed.
The satellite went into orbit on January 1st causing a new year's revolution.
Two rites make a wrong where bigamy is concerned.
Fishers often wet their appetite.
The guilt-ridden shark always has a feeling of remoras.
The cd salesman said, "The classical music section is right over there", as he smoothed his pencil-thin mustache and spread another handful of Brylcreem on his hair.
Even though Ashley was blind and under arrest, she still had hope that someone would brail her out.
Traveling on a flying carpet is a rugged experience.
The trucker explained that he was early because he had had no breaks.
OLD CHEESE MAKERS never die, they just lose their whey
If the mint makes 25 cent pieces it should expect quarterly profits.
Water leaking through wallboard is usually a ceiling problem.
After the lawyer flushed the toilet, it went to the suer.
Last night, I kept dreaming that I had written Lord of the Rings. The wife said I'd been tolkien in my sleep.
"I'm losing my hair", Tom bawled.
"I have to wear this cast for another six weeks", said Tom disjointedly.
I trained my dog to hunt for underground mushrooms but now he's more truffle than he's worth.
He bought the drum for a great price, it was a steel.
Lamb stew is much ado about mutton
OLD MILKMAIDS never die they just lose their whey.
I'm singing well these days, Tom intoned.
Let's visit the tombs, said Tom, cryptically.
"I'm putting on my T-shirt, shorts, and sunglasses", Tom summarised.
"I know which boyd gets the woym", said Tom in an oily voice.
She was only a Grape picker's daughter, but she was never Chablis dressed.
The garden club visited the nursery and found themselves in a hosta environment.
The woman who rode her broom to a croquet game was a wicket witch.
Jack and Jill is the best nursery rhyme as others pail in comparison.
Being able to fit size 14 shoes is quite a feet.
"I still haven't struck oil", said Tom boringly.
Sometimes a pregnancy is so long it seems like a maternity.
OLD POPULATION EXPERTS never die, they just lose their census.
His affection for her was more than a passion interest.
I choked on my dessert and decided to sue, so I hired an attorney who specializes in tortes.
I used to enjoy steak and cheese with my eggs, but it's all ova now.
The vegetable never taken aboard ship is a leek.
Before the revolution, Russia was in a Tsary state.
The dentist decided he was going to try a new path to fame and fortune, and this time he would choose a different root.
When you dream in color, it's a pigment of your imagination.
Please mix me a martini, said Tom, dryly.
A motorcycle rider with bad teeth is the leader of the plaque.
If you write bad things about me I am libel to sue you.
When the cattlemen's association sponsored a track and field competition, followed by a barbecue, the commemorative T-shirt read, "We loved the meet."
You should never drink beyond the pint of no return.
You'll never conquer me, Goliath said stonily.
Pray for keeps
What did the grape say when it got stepped on? Nothing - but it let out a little whine.
Drinking too much of a certain potent potable may require a leave of absinthe.
I just got my permit to harvest shrimp in the Antarctic. Now I have a licence to Krill.
Two lovers who had been apart for some time were reunited on a foggy day. One whispered to the other'I mist you'.
If you say you have bad skin, I'd say that was a pore excuse.
"That horse looks like a good bet at 20 to 1", said Tom oddly.
I wanted to be a clarinettist but I couldn't reed music.
Britain is a wet place since the queen has had a long reign.
I finished my trigonometry exam without a secant to lose.
Podiatrist malpractice: Callous neglect
I thought that the penny I was looking for would have belonged to a man, but I detected the cent of a woman.
I told my friend about the creative writing class I took, and she said that she had a simile experience.
He cussed in his sleep all night and woke up all swore out.
The British cannibal enjoyed snacking on fish and chaps.
Do hotel managers get board with their jobs?
"I've mailed the letter", Tom assented.
"It's only average", said Tom meanly.
Having too many axe-like tools to do a particular job only adze to the confusion.
Lions don't have to worry about every little detail in life. .. just the mane thing.
The fisherman kept bragging about the big fish he caught, but he would not be very pacific about where he caught it.
OLD TAILORS never die, they just get ironic.
Nature reserves are an eagle opportunity employer.
Goddard couldn't be reached. He was out to launch.
An hourglass is a waist of time.
Most hunters are nice because they're such deer people.
She was only a Butcher's daughter, but there wasn't much more she could loin.
Sign on a broken perfume bottle, "Out of odor".
A pediatrician is a doctor of little patients.
The cheque is in the post, Tom assented.
A dentist has to tell a patient the whole tooth.
I was completely exonerated, said Tom clearly.
The flock of doves decided to stage a coo
"I work at a bank", said Tom tellingly.
You should massage a cow's back before putting it out to posture.
When those around King Arthur's table had insomnia, there were a lot of sleepless knights.
My friend gave me a book about puns for my birthday and I loved it. It was two meaningful.
The math teacher was hungry, but all she had to eat was a piece of pi.
Some cooks have a shellfish attitude.
As Sir Galahad lifted the sacred chalice, the bottom fell out. He had indeed found the holey Grail.
The king never let any of his personal musicians go swimming immediately after eating for fear that they would get minstrel cramps.
The mushroom is a vegetable of high morel standing.
The promises of some tailors are pure fabrication.
In a bakery buns usually play a small role.
Ancient vessels lacked stability because there were no rudders in the days of yaw.
The researcher's report showed data on the political graphed.
Life is fragile, handle with prayer
Running around your yard for thousands of miles would be quite a feet.
Money doesn't grow on sprees.
When Mongolians walk they like to take big steppes.
3.142 Tom enumerated piously.
I wish I'd said that, Oscar, said Tom wildly.
A group of singers wore coral necklaces.
"That's price-fixing!" said Tom caustically.
Make like mustard and catch up!
Cane sugar can't be beet.
Some moss took a lichen to a tree.
I love hockey, said Tom, puckishly.
"This Bud's for you", said Tom lightly.
He who makes false teeth is an indentured labourer.
When artists dream in color it's a pigment of their imagination.
When an actress saw her first strands of gray hair she thought she'd dye.
After delivering a presentation last fall, I sent a message to friends who were unable to attend. The report concluded: "A good time was heard by all."
Some music stores are in a CD part of town.
Getting your driver's license is a right of passage.
The farmer's market featured an enormous expanse of bins containing Indian corn, and I wandered aimlessly through this maize for nearly an hour.
The soap-eating cult was swallowing lyes in search of the truth.
Pray up in advance.
"I have to sing a run of eighth notes", said Tom quaveringly.
Why was the orange sad? He had peelings for the apple.
The discovery of how to make steel was ironic.
They were the quietest burglars in the history of New York City. The newspapers called them 'Criminal Mimes.'
OLD HAIRDRESSERS never dye. .. or cut.
Upon being shown a uniquely sculptured piece of so-called granite, a geologist remarked to his colleague "You know that's really gneiss."
A cardboard belt would be a waist of paper.
A fight over love and money would be duel purpose.
"I wonder where the next character is going to appear", said Tom with a cursory glance.
He doesn't talk much does he? He's just a little horse.
I always had wanted to know how ships really worked, and now I finally was going to sea.
When some people open their mouth they put their feat in.
"This is the most common language used on micros", said Tom basically.
Someone who attempts long distance fraud is known as a phony.
I have eight children, said Tom, apparently.
The killer followed the psychopath into the forest where he was surrounded by the copse.
Faith doesn ’ t fall apart at the seems
That gas pump must be sick. It doesn't fill well.
People who hate the marines are rotten to the corps.
They owed me a lot of money for the new house - I billed them.
Even covered in salad dressing my lettuce looked bare, so I put some cloves on it.
Dairy Queen isn't the only place with awesome Sundays: )
I love beagles, Tom dogmatized.
Baseball players have to stay in line or they will be afoul of the rules.
OLD BASEBALL PLAYERS never die, they just go batty.
The stink bomb tossed at the standup comics'convention quickly emptied the place out ; when the smoke cleared, not a wit of them remained.
Cleopatra was the Pharaohs one of all.
I need to clear my throat, said Tom phlegmatically.
OLD HORSE STABLES do die but they can always be barn again
The man loved a good play on words but his wife couldn't stand the punishment.
"I visit my parents every Sunday", said Tom weakly.
Marine biologists never make mistakes on porpoise.
I met some cult members who worshiped soup serving utensils. I said, 'Oh ye of ladle faith.'
I heard Einstein got along well with his parents. .. relatively speaking.
The salt said'hi'to the pepper. It was seasonings greetings.
You decide what kind of light bulbs to buy by a process of illumination.
When I asked him whether we ought to climb the steep hill, he started up the incline and, in ascent, said, "Yes."
He only knew how to drive a fork lift in reverse. He was the backup man.
The bicycle salesman had broken his ankle and was, alas, unable to pedal his wares.
Yes, I have read Gulliver's Travels, said Tom swiftly.
As anyone who has ever lived in the area can tell you, life is different in Montana. Since golf courses are often placed in areas ideal for hunting, most golfers carry a hunting rifle in their golf bag and when the opportunity presents itself combine their two favorite pastimes. Recently one such sportsman got lost and had to stop for directions asking, "Which way to the lynx."
He gave up playing chess, and went on to a checkered career.
I had such a bad cold, I thought I was coffin to death.
What's the name of that street in Paris? asked Tom ruefully.
Noah wasn't the first off the ark. He came forth.
Can you read music? the bandleader asked notably.
Tying up a circle may take a lot of chords.
A chicken farmer's favorite car is a coupe.
OLD BRIDGE PLAYERS never die, they just sit around on their fat aces.
Aliens are lovable because they're so spatial.
' Sweeney Todd'is a good source of sheer terror.
"There's no need for silence", Tom allowed.
"You must be my host", Tom guessed.
It was such a big piece of gold, he didn't know what to assay.
"" said Tom blankly.
When bottled water is cheap it's called a liquidation sale.
Waiter, there's a fly in my soup! "No, sir, that is an essential bee vitamin."
I'll clean the chimney, said Tom, fluently
Nearing the end of his sentence, the convicted Wall Street wizard, feeling both oddly safe in his spartan confinement but not quite penitent for his overzealous trading misdeeds, feared and anticipated his release, nightly dreaming of his long cherished hard sell.
When I first tried the new cough syrup, I really had no idea what to expectorate.
Sign over the librarian's desk: No talking aloud.
An architect knows how to make a long storey short.
My grandmother learned grammar by wrote.
A cat that swallowed a ball of wool had mittens.
Sign: 'Please turn out the lights. Thanks a watt.'
The shoemaker did not deny his apprentice anything he needed. He gave his awl.
The undersized and timorous knight, armed only with an aluminum sword, lacked the adequate metal to face the ferocious dragon.
My wife is a fine cook, plus a great algebra teacher, she is quite famous for her pi.
Today a truck hit my car. I wasn't hurt but I got the freight of my life.
Absent the fungus, the story had no morel
"I've struck oil!" said Tom crudely.
I get my large circumference from too much pi.
This is some pretty good tapioca. That's one way of pudding it.
Kentucky Fried Chicken, looking to expand into the area of low-fat dining alternatives, has begun selling popcorn. Their new motto is, "Look for the kernel."
One day my friend asked me, how do you take such good care of your saxophone. I responded with tenor, love and care.
A reformed arsonist was in confession. He began, "Bless me Father for I have singed."
"I won't finish in fifth place", Tom held forth.
Old genealogists never die, they just lose their census.
A bacteria walked into a bar and the bartender said, 'We don't serve bacteria in this place. 'The bacteria said, 'But I work here, I'm staph.'
Try our Sundays, they ’ re better than Baskin Robbins
Santa goes down the chimney because it soots him.
She was only a Computer Programmer's daughter, but she sure liked to byte.
My neighbor's sprinkler is a constant irrigation to me.
The dieters vowed to let nothing go to waist.
Communism is a complicated thing. You must think about from all sorts of Engels.
OLD CHICKEN FARMERS never die, they just end up with a dozen aches.
She was only a Glazier's daughter, but she was never a pain to me.
I dropped out of my communism class because of lousy Marx.
She said she wasn't pregnant but contractions speak louder then words.
During my trip to Italy, I didn't do much. I just vegged out. When in Rome, do as the Romaines.
' I got lost in the streets of Paris, 'he said ruefully.
What do you call Peruvian Rorschach tests? Inca Blots.
The steward refused to swallow the harsh whine of the petulant cabernet peddler.
We've taken over the government, Tom cooed
"It's become much bigger", said Tom with a groan.
A logger went to his doctor because of a problem with the lumbar.
"Are you all governors?" Tom asked, bored.
A chaplain on the sea leads the soldiers in their warship.
When asked by her co-workers whether they should bring a gift to her birthday party, Mary replied, "You should know that all I'm interested in is your presence."
I keep reading'The Lord of the Rings'over and over. I guess it's just force of hobbit.
"Give me a haircut", Tom said barbarously.
Betty Crocker was a flour child.
She was only a Coal dealer's daughter, but, oh, where she had bin.
Tired well worn expressions need to be phrased out of the language.
He rose through the ranks of the International Corn Growers association, eventually becoming a kernel.
A scientist who wanted a tattoo got a skin graph.
Balls! Tom said roundly.
My friends call me Mesa because of my big butte.
Nothing can compare to picnicking on a French hillside and savoring the bries.
OLD DAIRY FARMERS never die, they just go to the udder place.
She must be wearing mink, Tom inferred.
Westinghouse stopped everything. .. he needed the brake.
A six foot poet stanza very tall.
OLD HELSINKI TOURISTS never die, they just vanish into Finn air.
When you use glue in class it paste to be careful.
When the King asked the fool for a joke the fool just shrugged. He was the court gesture.
I didn't want to buy leather shoes, but eventually I was suede.
Reported sightings of the abominable snowman are yeti to be confirmed.
"I'd like to eat seventeen cakes", Tom agreed.
The mathematics professor, lamenting his students'lackadaisical approach to trigonometry, sighed, "It's a sine of the times."
There was a guy who played the organ in his garden to get organically grown food.
At a pet store: 'buy one dog, get one flea'.
The other day I held the door open for a clown. I thought it was a nice jester.
A fisherman hated fish and chips but he didn't tell a sole.
A letter carrier career is a mail dominated profession.
Her eyes were wide with longing as she peered into the Dunkin'Donuts box and ate the last doughnut whole.
He drove his car until the day of wreckoning.
I flunked my exam, said Tom, testily.
"Another plate of seafood for me!" Tom clamored.
"Who discovered radium?" asked Tom curiously.
I'm a mathematician, Tom added summarily.
King Arthur really knew how to deal with the sworded truth.
When I was starving to death, my children gave me a raisin to keep on living.
The lamb was cold because he lost his muttons.
The magician got so mad he pulled his hare out.
I'm not a crook, Nixon said resignedly.
I can't budge this huge box! "I exclaimed." Of course not, " the office supply warehouse clerk replied, " it's stationery. ".
My investments are worth more every day, said Tom appreciatively.
When the bad poet stood in front of the judge, the judge thought the punishment should fit the rhyme.
She dumped him because of all their lousy dates. After all, whining and dining does get tiresome after a while.
Il se muove, said Galileo, movingly
"Nobody has scored yet in the tennis game", said Tom lovingly.
When walking through a pig barn be careful how you maneuver.
In middle east outdoor markets you can find bazaar items for sale.
Do you play the guitar?, Tom asked callously.
I was studying in an apiary class. This resulted in me receiving a bee on my exam.
She was only a Quarryman's daughter, but she took everything for granite.
A doctor who fell on his funny bone had a nurse tell him it was a humerus incident.
There are a lot of bakeries on the yeast coast.
OLD PACIFISTS never die they just go to peaces.
The candle-making machine broke down when someone threw a spanner in the wax.
Computers at breakfast food companies use serial i / o.
Thieves have muscles of steal.
If they say you look good in glasses that would be an optical allusion.
If I am afraid of losing my fat tissue. My psychiatrist told me I have an adipose complex.
He wasn't supposed to eat the pie but he kept pecan at it.
I agreed to watch my neighbor's dog, but only if it didn't scratch me. It's in the clause.
The first order of priority in hiring math majors is get them to sine on the dotted line
' Volts'- the dance you perform after an electric shock.
If intervening was an olympic sport, he'd win the gold meddle.
When the Pequod with its crew went down, Ishmael remembered, a great wail came up from the sea.
Those who carry too many buckets start feeling pail.
Modern fashion designs are often presented with tongue in chic.
Be kind to your dentist because he has fillings too.
I was given a shampoo and trim by a Pakistani in Liverpool, said Tom in Urdu.
I'm always exhausted by Friday, said Tom weakly.
Coins are mint to be.
The bullfighter's display of timidity left macho to be desired.
OLD LAWN CARE WORKERS never die, they just recede.
If you're dying to purchase cropland in Thailand, then you've baht the farm.
Have another soft drink, Tom coaxed.
I don't like hanging out at the pancake house, that place gives me the crepes!
You can't trust a tiger. You never know when he might be lion.
I heard about this new governing document that says people can only go to the bathroom one per day. It's called the Constipation.
Fight Truth Decay … Study The Bible Daily
OLD DIVERS never die, they just get board.
My shins are well protected, Tom grieved.
"Another work week begins", said Tom mundanely.
Bees make money by celling their honey.
A bunch of robins followed the priest wherever he went. Birds of a father flock together.
"It's made the grass wet", said Tom after due consideration.
The math teacher was a good dancer - he had algorithm.
"That's nothing!" said Tom naughtily.
OLD ELVIS IMPERSONATORS never die, they just get out of sequins.
Did you hear about the film editor at Hollywood who had a part-time job at a pizza parlor? He used to ask customers whether they wanted one splice or two.
The male pig puts everyone to sleep. You could say he's quite the boar.
The suspect'Sheppard'was finally taken into custody after authorities caught him on the lam.
If a Monk throws a hissy fit, is it a temple tantrum?
They tried to save him with an I. V. but it was all in vein.
The editor inserted a caret in the recipe.
"Cosign here", read the first instruction on the trigonometry placement exam.
Throughout the centuries, the Buddhist herdsmen of Peru have followed their lamas religiously.
After coming to work and play musicians come home suite home.
There's a Sin dividing line between heaven and hell.
When old story tellers die they are mythed.
When people first heard of the ABS, it was braking news.
OLD SLAVS never die, they just czech out.
A gossip is someone with a great sense of rumor.
She was only a Poet's daughter, but I've seen verse.
The humorist's favorite sandwich was smoked tongue on wry.
Why did the pig quit running the marathon? He had a problem with his hamstring.
"A dog bit me", said Tom rabidly.
Carmen is my favorite opera, said Tom busily.
The Arab's opulence was obvious from his chic clothing. "
OLD HYPOCHONDRIACS never die they just lose their grippe.
Waiting for her photos to be developed a young girl sang'Some day my prints will come.'
I really regretted the inconsiderate comment I made. It was rued.
The eight chicken farmers jumped in their rowing shell and put their cox up in front.
The sun was bright on a dry, cloudless morning, but later it waned.
A baker stopped making donuts after he got tired of the hole thing.
A baker always put too much flour in his bread because he was a gluten for punishment.
Remembering the Mongol leader's reputation for chicanery, Marco Polo approached the palace of the khan warily.
Anxious about the future? Psalms read every Sunday.
After Jimmy swallowed a live earthworm, he sat waiting with baited breath to see if he'd get sick.
Romance isn't a science - it's a heart.
The marine biology seminars weren't for entertainment, but were created for educational porpoises.
My chronically runny-nosed friend, who staunchly opposes all independent emirates, was bothered by catarrh on his trip around the world.
The first scientists who studied fog were mistified.
I don't recommend dating bridge builders, they have truss issues.
A massage therapist kneaded new customers.
The geneticist taught his students how to mendel defective genes.
Farmers can hardly wheat for a good harvest.
The Egyptian cinema usherette sold religious icons in the daytime. Sometimes she got confused and called out, 'Get your choc isis here!'
Have you ever been whitewater rafting? Tom asked rapidly.
An explosion at the meat packing plant caused quite a meatier shower.
"Do you buy and sell stolen goods?" asked Tom offensively.
That's no beagle ; that's a mongrel, Tom muttered.
An argument over puppy selection is a pique of the litter.
To heir is human.
That the obstetrician's services were needed on the train was an accident of berth.
People in Switzerland can't learn to ski without a lot of alp.
A pun is its own reword.
The nuclear physicist took a vacation for a fission trip.
Time flies when you ’ re following the son
OLD KINGS never die they just get throne away
"It's a unit of electric current", said Tom amply.
When the fog burns off it won't be mist.
A fisherman took pain pills because of a persistent haddock.
OLD PROSTITUTES never die, they just fake away
Many people are strongly attracted to a magnate.
Local Area Network in Australia: the LAN down under.
A second chimney is superfluous.
I like hot fudge sauce, but never on sundays.
George Westinghouse was a refrigerator magnate.
Sin and bear it
I'm a great opera singer, said Tom, being callous.
Ever since my mineral extraction facility was converted to parking, I've had a lot on my mine.
Another batch of shells for me! Tom clamored.
If you want to buy a hose you might go on a shopping spray.
She thought it was a real horse, but it was a phony.
The Belly Dancer was popular with sailors because she understood navel maneuvers.
A man threatened to jump off the side of a building - alledgedly.
The evil onion had many lairs.
The Loch Ness monster eats fish and ships.
"I think I'll use a different font", said Tom boldly.
Well I'll be an SOB! Tom said doggedly.
OLD WEATHERMEN never die, they reign forever.
I knew that the spirit couldn't float around very long. What ghost up must come down.
What is a duck's favorite game to play? Billiards.
The store clerk lost his job, so he set up a kiosk in the mall to vend for himself.
Would you like some soda in your whiskey? asked Tom caustically.
He who hesitates is bossed.
You should always use basil the day you buy it - as they say, herb today, gone tomorrow.
OLD HAIRDRESSERS never die, they just braid away ..
I was kicked out of math class for one too many infractions.
Some orchestra conductors make their mark in the world of opera. They were in the right aria at the right time.
Astronauts like to do launch.
Chop up an old piano and you will get a cord of wood.
The poet had written better poems, but he'd also written verse.
OLD DIETICIANS never die, they just waist away
At a flower show the first prize is often a bloom ribbon.
A dying artist painted himself into a coroner.
"I teach at a university", Tom professed.
Cottage cheese diet: eating your curds and weigh.
Some people make big pottery items to urn a living.
I'll eat till I burst, Tom agreed.
The IRS left a message on my cell phone that I owed them more money. It was a taxed message.
On cooking shows, there is little margarine of error.
The sweep got stuck in a cold chimney, which collapsed. He came down with the flue.
A third-generation clothes designer had it in her jeans.
The celebration of the royal wedding progressed well into the night. As he stumbled outside to await his ride home one inebriated nobleman, attracted by the bright lights, made his way to the theater district and sat down below one of the brightly illuminated theater signs to await his car. The driver, unfamiliar with both the nobleman and the area, was instructed to look for a well-lit marquis.
A chicken crossing the road is poultry in motion.
I've inherited a fortune, said Tom, willfully
I've made up my mind to re-lay my lawn. It was a turf decision.
Did you hear about the vampire who used to torture his victims with music? His Bach was worse than his bite.
One item contributed was a picture of a pretty, kimono-clad girl ; it bore the inscription: "Maid in Japan".
The white beets were returned to the produce supplier because they were chard beyond recognition.
I met a man who loves eating couches. I think he has a suite tooth.
I have always wanted to hand out carts at Wal-Mart. I cannot imagine a greeter job.
The port was very beautiful. The sailors said it was haven on earth.
"The policeman charged me twenty bucks for speeding", said Tom finally.
"This is mutiny!" said Tom bountifully.
"I need an injection", Tom pleaded in vain.
Inflammatory talk is often seen as propane language.
"Rowing hurts my hands", said Tom callously.
I want you in the navy, said Tom impressively.
On organic farms they till it like it is.
She was only a Horseman's daughter, but she didn't know how to say neigh.
When it comes to drinks, citrus fruit juices are always in the limelight.
We believe in separation of church and hate
OLD FISHERMEN never die, they just get reel tired.
To find bargains go where the auction is.
The veterinarian had a great deal of trouble getting his dog to heel.
He owned a fish farm until he poured out his sole.
I was fixated on the pain in my bad tooth. I was abscessed by it.
The whistling fisherman was always out of tuna.
The editor received his award with sheer delete.
The soup was so bad it was gruel and unusual punishment.
A band of teenagers cruised past my neighbor's house and pelted it with rotten tomatoes. Police described it as a drive-by fruiting.
The accountant enjoyed the job, figuratively speaking.
Jesus is more precious than silver or golf.
I wouldn't marry you if you were the only woman on earth, said Tom evenly.
Why was six afraid of seven? Because seven eight nine.
How do bunnies that don't have a car commute to work? The Rabbit Transit.
The Ennui Society elected a new chairman of the bored.
When I suffered a groin injury I became quite testy.
The other animals shunned the kangaroo. They treated him like a leaper.
A man sprayed a boy with ceiling foam. He was arrested for insulating behavior.
Looting a drugstore is called Pillaging.
You should lock up your wine in a cabernet.
When Caesar entered the Senate all hail broke loose.
The book about Teflon contained no frictional characters.
I'm not sure about Heisenberg, said Tom uncertainly.
The old doctors practice of bloodletting was all in vein.
"You resemble a goat", said Tom satirically.
Those who drink too much at night have to worry about the mourning after.
Scrambling for cover amid the chaos caused by the rebel forces'attack and the "coincidental" breakout of the zoo animals, I stumbled into the face of a hostile guerrilla!
Baseball on a foggy day is all about hit and mist.
When Martha Stewart was on trial, New York Times columnist Clyde Haberman reported on her arrival at the courthouse, where a group of supporters had assembled to greet her. "They included a man in a chef's hat who stood with the others behind a metal barrier — one toque over the line."
To keep someone from stealing your shipments of smoked salmon, secure them with lox.
"The door's ajar", said Tom openly.
Need soul repair? Walk right in.
Have a ride in my new ambulance, said Tom hospitably.
Some people, asked what they thought had caused the recent flooding in our valley, pointed to a concrete wall in the distance and said it was this damn thing.
I walked into this posh restaurant, the prices were extortionate, it was daylight snobbery.
The church needs to be souled.
A surgery nurse was demoted for being absent without gauze.
Those who live beyond their means should act their wage.
OLD SCHOOL SUPERINTENDENTS   never die, they just lose their principals.
Did you hear about the herb who was an all round great guy, did loads of charity work and was always there to help? He was a Tarragon Of Virtue.
Sweet potatoes? I yam impressed!
OLD BATHING BEAUTIES never die, they just wade away.
' We've run out of lemons', she said bitterly.
The anesthesiologist's computer has an ethernet connection.
She didn't marry the gardener. Too rough around the hedges.
Issue of first day cover almost ended in a stampede.
They were married by candle-light, but the marriage lasted only a wick.
The Turkish soldier refused to eat cottage cheese, because he didn't trust the kurds
The astronomer's research project didn't win him the coveted Galaxy Award, but he did receive a constellation prize.
Getting into the skunk selling business might make a lot of scents.
Seven days without a pun makes one weak.
Just pew it
Epitaphs are engraved!
That soil scientist always travels by himself. He's a loam ranger.
"I can't march any more!" the soldier called haltingly.
If you spend too much time in the coffee shop you'll be latte for work.
Some doting parents are son worshipers.
The optical scientist who stole his colleague's bifocals was sentenced to three years in a state prism.
"Eating uranium makes me feel funny", said Tom radiantly.
If you believe restaurants always overcook steaks, then you probably order them rarely.
There are many judges who would like to acquit smoking.
A church fair is a bazaar experience.
The tired playgoers decided to bypass the new production of "Othello" despite the good reviews ; having just returned from a long trip, they didn't feel like seeing any moor of Venice.
On Independence day, may the fourth be with you.
They are not answering - we'd better try the knocker, said Tom adoringly.
A pet store had a bird contest with no perches necessary.
Safety goggles were invented by a peripheral visionary.
At shearing time there are some sheep thrills.
Jim: 'Did you hear about the guy who ate twenty pancakes for breakfast?'Joe: 'How waffle.'
Our theft of raw gold from the mine site was a fiasco because, as we jumped into the getaway boat, we dropped the ore.
You're a wicked glutton, Tom insinuated.
I like wool gathering for the shear joy of it.
I'm going to fix the roof, Tom translated.
The chef took some cheese and made some grate things.
A cloth maker's daughter told him she was too young to dye.
When Jesus entered Jerusalem, people waved palm branches because they were being frondly.
My wife is trying to lose weight but continues to frequent the coffee shops for rich beverages and delicacies. You could say she is making a moccary of her diet.
I plan to work in a cemetery, Tom plotted gravely.
To stay fit the priest exorcises.
' I agree with you wholeheartedly, 'said the artichoke grower.
She was only a Postman's daughter, but she sure knew her males.
French bankers are known for their franc talk.
Mathematicians are sum worshippers.
I was caught studying the periodic table in English class. It was an elementary mistake.
The optician fell into the lens grinding machine and made a spectacle of himself.
The ex-lumberjack will be sawly missed.
Undertakers have to get up early in the mourning.
My bid for this contract aims to please, said Tom tenderly.
To stay out of debt, act your wage.
That horse looks like a good bet at 17 to 1, said Tom oddly.
The stern pirate captain's policy of forcing the worst members of his crew to walk the plank went swimmingly.
Did you hear about my friend who hired out vampires and poison, and my other friend who ate children? Could say the first one was the lessor of two evils.
Vampires are always looking for their necks victim.
From the middle of the Pacific, the shipwrecked survivor found his way to the California coast purely by occident.
We found a dead crow in our front yard but have yet to hear the caws of death.
The trucker was always irritated at an inspection station, it was the weight that bothered him.
Upon discovering the deadly virus carried by Surinamese toads, the herpetologist contemplated how best to protect the pipal.
Let's get married, said Tom engagingly.
New years resolution for the bankrupt gardener was to forget the past and rely on the fuchsia.
I hate Chablis, Tom whined.
OLD SCOTSMEN never die, but they can be kilt.
He made so many mistakes that he had an err about him.
When the bottom of a cargo ship got a hole, it had one hull of a problem.
OLD GARDENERS never die, they just spade away.
As a young boy, Brutus'mother often cautioned him not to run with Caesars.
Asked by a waiter if she would like a drink the lady replied'wine not?'
OLD PRAGUE RESIDENTS never die, they just Czech out.
Data got into so much trouble, her parents sent her packeting.
The percussionist was very good at analyzing symbols.
The man put his name on the neck of his shirt so he would have collar ID.
Sick fish go to the sturgeon.
I'd like to learn a new card game, Tom said wistfully.
When the hockey player came home he gave his wife a puck on the cheek.
For children to eat without washing their hands would be a grime.
"I've been to a film festival in Southern France", said Tom cannily.
Royal chairs are rarely throne out.
In ancient times, seagoing vessels were much more fuel efficient. They got thousands of miles to the galleon.
When the glazier was sent to the hospital room to check the cracked window, he told the patient in the body cast, "I've come to feel your pane."
"I'm on social security", said Tom dolefully.
Did Gregor Mendel ever win the Nobel Peas Prize?
Mothers everywhere want their children to give peas a chance.
Old sailors never die, they just get a little dinghy.
"This is all from memory", Tom wrote.
"I have a gift for you", said Tom presently.
To some Christmas is about other people's presence.
Car salesmen compete trying to sell for the lease amount.
The elderly chef retired because his sage was showing.
When a skunk walked in, the judge said, 'odor in the court'.
When told his design for a stadium was too grandiose, the architect shed a tier.
How do farmers make crop circles? With a protractor.
If your mind is clouded or in a fog you may have mist some opportunities.
It was an emotional wedding. Even the cake was in tiers.
I always prayed before my trigonometry tests. I was hoping for a sine from above.
We've taken over the government, the general cooed.
A chemist has discovered a drug that will keep dogs from howling at night. Now, not every dog will have his bay.
Those changing baby diapers sometimes act rashly.
Mourning has broken on Easter Sunday.
A little boy found out from his mother that grime does not pay.
"I just bought a woollen sweater", said Tom sheepishly.
John plans to retire in the spring and, like the trees around us, will be leafing.
Cryptographers make terrible drummers. They just sit there, fascinated by all the cymbals.
"I can tell which way the wind blows", said Tom vainly.
When two bakers traded buns they had a roll reversal.
My friend is moving to Seoul. He thought it would be a good Korea move.
When asked whether or not I was bilingual, I was about to say I knew sign language, but I figured it was sort of a mute point.
I saw something similar to moss the other day, but I didn't know what to lichen it to.
My brother told me that serpentine is what you use to get paint off a boa constrictor.
When I was in my cabin on the ship I got sick. Someone told me once I got to the doc I'd feel better.
Bakers trade bread recipes on a knead to know basis.
A pickle maker fell into one of the vats at work. At hospital it was determined he had a brine injury.
Archaeologists working at night need lots of eon lights.
Beaver rallying cry: "River be dammed!"
Bee keepers always manage to keep buzzy.
A budget helps us live below our yearnings
Despite the repressive restrictions in force against all of the fine arts, students in Kabul often gathered secretly to listen to band music.
The chaplain got his gown from the army surplice depot.
Some people don't like food going to waist.
My computer is so slow it hertz.
I witnessed the attack on the castle and saw the queen's robe torn and the king's throne under the horses'feet.
I tried to play the bagpipes, but the sound coming out was off kilter.
"Would anyone like some Parmesan?" asked Tom gratingly.
Ancient scribes who hired Aztec writers had to make sure the Inca was dry.
I used to think I'd hate Italian food, but I finally decided to give pizza a chance.
Shotgun wedding: A case of wife or death.
Chicken farmers will often share a good yolk.
One ear of corn said to the other'You're getting husky'.
Southerners are quick on the drawl.
Never make fun of a Scotsman's traditional garb. You could get kilt that way.
I always pray to St. Ignatius, said Tom loyally.
Cheating on a test can put honorable students in conflict with their principals.
Dollars do best when accompanied by some sense
There was a snake that gave birth to a bouncing baby boa.
After getting pranked by his friends and getting hit with a basket, Aron knew they had a wickerd sense of humour.
The statistician attended the dance stag. He didn't have any data.
Old white blood cells lymph around the body.
Happy Halloween! Tom said gravely.
The weekend reporter sailed through the newscasts while the anchor was aweigh.
A cannibal's favourite game is'swallow the leader'.
Kings sometimes found that uprisings were a peasant surprise.
I felt sick after I ate the scallopini. I didn't veal well at all.
I'll take that, said Tom appropriately.
When the orchard owner went to trial he was judged by a jury of his pears.
She became a lifeguard at the beach and kept the buoys in line.
"I have to fix the car", said Tom mechanically.
Church disputes can be settled with canons.
"What are these berries?" Tom rasped.
Conscience is a faults alarm.
There was a dentist who was convicted of incisor trading.
A hermit drove to town and was charged with recluse driving.
You lamb! said Tom sheepishly.
I'm here - with a gift! said Tom presently.
The mime wanted to say something, but he wasn't aloud.
Some foolish people gain by experience many perils of wisdom.
The gardener brought his hoes.
To become a pilot requires a good altitude.
Treat yourself to one of our Sundays.
Hospitals that buy in bulk get a valium discount.
"I need a pencil sharpener", said Tom bluntly.
To crack open the walnuts, several officers foolishly pounded them with hand grenades, scattering the colonels everywhere.
Herb gardeners who work extra get thyme and a half.
These are my parents, said Einstein relatively
The size a dieter would like to get to is the sighs of relief.
Naughtily, Tom said nothing.
She was only a Carpenter's daughter, but you should have seen her circular sores!
In a billiard hall life can be pretty rough at the wrong end of the queue.
When the goat ate a Scrabble set, the letters came out in alphabetical ordure.
I wonder how much an anagram weighs?
"I don't like this Chardonnay", Tom whined.
